Come to yet another module in this course we already had a look at quite some new features that were
added.
And in this module I want to have a look at some objects or functionalities we already had in chapels
crypt which got some extensions which got some extra functions we can use and so on.
So that built in objects which were extended.
Let's dive into that.
Now for this module year I'll go over some of the highlights.
More important methods were extensions I've found and I think are great.
Generally the best approach always is as I cover them all.
If you interested in well which methods Moff object offer is Google for javascript Moff.
And then you will find an article from the end the end the smuggler Developer Network.
And in this article and that same is available for strings number is the object ragbag swiftly for everything
really everything you will find such an article.
And here you found all the properties and methods and if you scroll over dead you pretty much understand
why I'm not going through all of them step by step.
So that's just a little reminder so that you're not sad that not everything's covered or that you think
well there aren't dead many functions and Chubb of crap right.
Well there are just won't cover them all here.
I'll pick the most interesting ones.
And again if you want to find out more about this specific object Check out this documentation